 Payment Options and Card Selection

*All employees should pay for their own expenses using Ramp credit cards if possible*
*Managers will seek approval for purchases >$5000
*Support staff will seek approval for purchases >$500

How to decide what CC to use? 

Is it for travel? Book travel through Ramp and use your business unit CC

Is it for the General business unit? Use the General business CC

Is it for the Container Sales business unit? Use the Container Sales CC

Is this an item you will use across multiple projects? Use your business unit CC

Is this for a Third party client project? Use Development or Construction unit CC

Is this for a Leasing site, Acquisition or Facility Operations? Use the Facility name CC

Need a Vendor payment made by Payables? Due by 10th & 25th monthly 

Is it for an active Project being tracked in Smartsheets? Upload the unpaid invoice to smartsheets Invoice submission form (Select “needs to be paid”)

Is it an expense for US business activity that is not tied to an active “project”? Email the invoice to receipts@storagehq.ca and include a short description of what/where and the Business unit.

Is it an expense for CAD business activity that is not tied to an active “project”? Email the invoice to storagehqrentalsltd@ap.ramp.com and CC procurement@storagehq.ca with a short description of what/where/why and the B/U.











Receipt Submission & Business Unit Classification Rules 

*If you are using a mobile device, upload receipts with the App*

Question 1: Is this for a Third party clients project? Upload to Invoice submission form and book it as  Development or Construction business unit.
If No…see Q2
Question 2: Is this expense for a SHQ Leasing project or Acquisition Project? Book it as the “facility name” business unit in smartsheets. 
If No…see Q3 
Question 3: Is this expense for a Container install project? Book it as construction expense under the container project name in smartsheets.
If No…
Ask yourself the following questions? 

Is it for the General business unit?Email to receipts@ramp.com or upload with Ramp App

Is it for travel? Email to receipts@ramp.com or upload with Ramp App

Is it for facility operations? Email to receipts@ramp.com or upload with Ramp App

Is it for the Sales business unit? Email to receipts@ramp.com or upload with Ramp App













When to Use Procurement

Request For Proposal (RFP form in Smartsheets)
Items > $10,000

When you need to go to market to find the best price/vendor/supplier/service

When we are ordering bulk product for multiple jobs

Purchase Order (PO form in smartsheets)
When it is an item we frequently use and have already sourced and approved

When you want it shipped to our warehouse to be bundled with other items for a crate shipment at a later date

When not to use Procurement

When you need a single item purchased and shipped direct to a location other than the warehouse

When you need something urgently and have your managers approval to circumvent the Procurement process

How to use Procurement

RFP (>Two weeks advance)
Fill out the smartsheets RFP form with you desired scope and details

Procurement will follow up with more questions to confirm 

Procurement will take the RFP to market for bids

Procurement will sort through the bids and present the best options to you

You will then contact your chosen Vendor to discuss details and award the bid

You will work with Procurement to draft the contract, deliverables, payment terms etc

Procurement will arrange with Finance to setup a USD Vendor in QBO 

Procurement will arrange for the required contract signatures and onboard the vendor

Once onboarded you will be the main vendor contact point for all invoices, questions etc 

Procurement will no longer be in contact with the vendor. You own this Vendor now.

PO (>Four weeks advance for large orders) 
Fill out the smart sheets PO form (Instruct procurement what B/U this is for)

Procurement will follow up to confirm the order details and timelines

Procurement will have all items shipped/stored at our warehouse and ready to ship 

You will provide the location where the shipment will be delivered 

Procurement will have your order crated and delivered anywhere in the US within 5 business days

You are responsible for all shipment details & logistics once it leaves the warehouse

